The Client, The Gaming Room was interested in expanding their gaming app to multiple platforms. The client requested that that an evaluation be conducted of the characteristics, advantages, and weaknesses of each platform and report findings. The client wanted a scalable web-based application to expand to iOs and desktop-based operating systems.
I considered each client requirement when evaluating options to include in documentation.
I found it was important to make sure no information is lost. I found it was helpful in keeping me on track during the project, and discovering the project's focus.
Recommendations are something that can always change, depending on the options that are available at the time, so it was possible that I could have found better options to fit what the client was looking for, if I had known about them.
It is critical to keep user experience at the top of your mind. You want to be able to provide value for people who will use the product and focus on benefits instead of features. I want to try to fulfill the users needs to provide a positive experience that will keep a user loyal to the product.
I maintained an organized layout, making sure to spend a good amount of time on the gathering and analysis of requirements, considering the user base, how the software will be used, the type of data that will be used and how it will be stored, and the data output. I also spent a lot of time on the draft design, which helped in specifying hardware and system requirements. I also put focus into testing. It makes a difference when it comes to catching errors or bugs, and can save lots of time by eliminating re-coding.
